Waiting for me here
Let me tell you two things I can't promise you
Set the stage for the third thing
But this princess is so shameless
I've decided now not to give you a reward.
You really don't think about it?
This girl is stupid and incompetent
Staying in the mansion is a waste of food
I think what you said is hype
Impossible is impossible
Sophie, I'm useful
Dream on.
So what else is there to say?
More than half a word
position
Come on.
It's too late to help
What time is it too late?
How bad is the impact of this broad daylight?
Gee, I don't have time to talk about driving.
Take off your clothes
I'll give you a little monster in English.
Get out of here
Is that what you think?
I thought you were
What do you think you think?
I am from Xi'an
New compatriots do not have this worldly desire
I know what is fierce
No worldly desires yet
If you have the ability, don't peek at me in the shower